*: add a limitation about not supporting `NULLIF()` and supporting `CASE` (#18677)
pingcap/docs: generated-columns.md

- You can neither convert a stored generated column to a normal column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement nor convert a normal column to a stored generated column.
- You cannot modify the expression of a stored generated column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement.
- Not all [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) are supported;

> - The [`NULLIF()` function](/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function](/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`NULLIF()` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.
```

> - The [NULLIF functions](/control-flow-functions#nullif.md) is not supported. You can use the [CASE function](/control-flow-functions#case.md)as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`NULLIF()` function](/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function](/control-flow-functions.md#case) as an alternative.
```

> - The [`NULLIF()` function](/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function](/control-flow-functions.md#case) as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`NULLIF()` function](/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function](/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.
```

> - Not all [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) are supported;
> - The [`NULLIF()` function](/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Not all [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) are supported.
- The [`NULLIF()` function](/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function](/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.
```

> - The [`NULLIF()` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`NULLIF()` function](/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#nullif) is not supported. You can use the [`CASE` function]((/functions-and-operators/control-flow-functions.md#case) instead.
```
